Added the new term entry binascii module in python . Resolves #3684 (#3749)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/binascii-module/binascii-module.md

---
Title: 'Binascii Module'

> Description: 'The Python `binascii` module is a built-in module that provides essential functions for working with binary data and performing binary-to-text encoding and decoding. It is a valuable resource when dealing with binary data in various contexts, such as network protocols and file handling.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'The binascii module is a built-in module that provides essential functions for working with binary data and performing binary-to-text encoding and decoding.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`binascii`** module contains a number of methods to convert between binary and various ASCII-encoded binary representations. Normally, you will not use these functions directly but use wrapper modules like uu or base64 instead. The binascii module contains low-level functions written in C for greater speed that are used by the higher-level modules.The Python binascii module is a valuable tool when working with binary data and encoding it into different text formats or decoding text representations back into binary data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`binascii`** module contains a number of methods to convert between binary and various ASCII-encoded binary representations. . It is a valuable resource when dealing with binary data in various contexts, such as network protocols and file handling. Normally, the programmer will not use these functions directly but use wrapper modules like `uu` or `base64` instead. The `binascii` module contains low-level functions written in C for greater speed that are used by the higher-level modules. The Python binascii module is a valuable tool when working with binary data and encoding it into different text formats or decoding text representations back into binary data.
```
